It's great that we now know how we can send requests and this is a super important part of most web
applications of course.
However requests don't always succeed.
You also need to know how you may handle errors.
And this is something I want to show you now handling errors is super simple with Access.
Let's say we've fetched a posts incorrectly and of course you can handle errors in the way I'm going
to show you.
Now for every type of request you send.
So here in the block container let's say we sent the request to posts that are incorrect.
You are Elswyth with that many esus at the end.
So what we can now see is that if we reload this we get an error here but it's unhandled.
We of course want to handle it.
Now since ex-U.S. uses promises we don't only have to then method we can chain but we can also add a
second method simply changed after that.
Then the catch method as to names of gests this catches any errors you get.
So your That's for now simply Konsole lock dead air or if I do that at the request of course still fails
because your else still is incorrect.
But now the error is handled and here I'm simply printing does with console log.
Of course you can do more than logging this here.
You can update your UI.
You can update the state to show something went wrong that you showed us here we can see the error property
which is set to false initially and in that catch method to your I don't want to lock the error in stokehole
set state and set error or two true.
And now all we can do is we can render something different to the screen instead of storing the poster
in a constant or create a new variable posts where all initially say something went wrong.
And let me quickly add some inline styling to centredness so I'll simply add text align center and I'll
only override these posts very little if error is not set.
So if this state error if this is not true indicated by the exclamation mark at the beginning then I
will overwrite posts to my array of posts.
So now if that if we save this and center should be a string.
Thank you.
If we save this now we see something went wrong here because now we have this error.
Now if I return to my application and fix posts here to the correct your L we would see the posts again
instead.
So that is a pretty cool way of handling errors and that is something you definitely also need to be
aware of.
Things don't always succeed so you should have a way of catching errors and then doing something with
them logging them to the console sending some error log requests to your own server to lock the error
and or show something on the UI to allow the user to still continue or to give instructions what the
user should do instead.